old man
How far is it from your house?
It's just a few steps away.
Aren't you going to the Ding family's ancient house?
Right behind my house
We are on the same road
No no no no no
I'm running out of energy.
Can you take a break?
The rest of the way
I'll pick the old lady
Just follow along.
Will it?
Granny, these two buckets of water are so heavy
I'm a big boy and I can't carry it
Can you do it?
They can dig lines in the fields.
Sturdy and lively
Ah hey
Not an old woman
Take it slow
Boy dark
More forks, keep up
Here it comes.
Ah no
That old lady is a long time old.
How can you go so fast?
Uh-huh.
Old lady, why did you turn back?
I scared me
I'm afraid you can't keep up.
Come back and wait for you